# ZRack - Zip Cracking Tool

**THIS REPOSITORY IS NO LONGER MAINTAINED.**

ZRack is a simple Python-based command-line tool designed to brute-force crack password-protected `.zip` files.

## Features
- Brute-force attack on `.zip` archives
- Supports dictionary attack (using wordlists)
- Supports a variety of common `.zip` file formats

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/thatbamboo/zrack.git
   cd zrack
   ```

2. Setup:
    
    ```bash
    ./setup
    ```

## Usage

### Options

1. `-v, --verbose`: Verbose output.
2. `-z, --zip`: Path to the ZIP file.
3. `-w, --wordlist`: Path to the password list file.
4. `-d, --directory`: Path to the directory containing password list file.
5. `-b, --brute-force`: Brute-force method.
6. `-bL, --brute-force-maxlen`: Maximum lenght for password in brute forcing.
7. `-bl, --brute-force-minlen`: Minimum lenght for password in brute forcing
8. `-bc, --brute-force-charset`: Character set to use in brute-forcing password.

### Methods

ZRack can do Dictionary attack and Brute-Force attack on a zip file;

1. Dictionary attack:

    this method is using a wordlist, you should use option `-w` to select a wordlist or `-D` to select a directory containing a wordlist.

2. Brute-Force attack:

    This method will generate all possible combination from a character set, you can customize your character sets by using `-bc`, to enable brute-force method, use option `-b`, you can customize the minimum lenght and the maximum lenght of the password that are generated by using option `-bl`(minimum lenght) and `-bL`(maximum lenght).

## License

This project is under the MIT License.
